Updating billing and usage docs for the Plan and Usage pages (#14880)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/usage_details.md

| Incident Management      | Shows number of unique active users to date in the selected month who interacted with incident lifecycle and timelines.     |
| IoT Devices              | Shows the 99th percentile of all distinct IoT devices over all hours in the current month.                                  |

## Usage trends

> The [Usage Trends][10] section contains product usage graphs displaying summed usage for all organizations across an account. Usage reports are downloadable via the **Download as CSV** button. For each organization, these reports include an hourly breakdown of usage by product. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Usage Trends][10] section contains product usage graphs displaying summed usage for all organizations across an account. Usage reports are downloadable through the **Download as CSV** button. For each organization, these reports include an hourly breakdown of usage by product. 
```

> {{< img src="account_management/billing/UsageTrendsOverviewAndCSV.png" alt="Usage Trends graphs" style="width:100%; align:left" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="account_management/billing/UsageTrendsOverviewAndCSV.png" alt="Usage Trends graphs page in the Datadog application with Download as CSV option highlighted" style="width:100%; align:left" >}}
```

For products with subtypes, each category is distinguished on the graph for that product. 

{{< img src="account_management/billing/UsageGraphsByProductTab.png" alt="Usage graphs by product tab" style="width:100%; align:left" >}}

More detailed product subtype graphs can be found on each product’s tab.  For example, a breakdown by host type is available on the Infrastructure tab.

> {{< img src="account_management/billing/UsageBreakdownByProductSubtype.png" alt="Usage breakdown by product subtype" style="width:100%; align:left" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="account_management/billing/UsageBreakdownByProductSubtype.png" alt="Usage trends section of the Infrastructure tab with Infra Hosts graph containing Agent hosts and AWS hosts, Indexed Logs graph containing Daily Indexed Live Logs and Cumulative Indexed Live Logs" style="width:100%; align:left" >}}
```

 
Cumulative usage over time is available for sum-based products.

> {{< img src="account_management/billing/CumulativeUsageLine.png" alt="Summed cumulative usage over time" style="width:100%; align:left" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="account_management/billing/CumulativeUsageLine.png" alt="Graphs for Ingested Spans and Indexed Spans, each plotting data for the daily and cumulative sums of their respective spans" style="width:100%; align:left" >}}
```
